garlic mashed potatoes are a delicious
side dish that pair well with meats
poultry and seafood
I'm chef Jason Hill and today we're
going to prepare garlic mashed potatoes
recipe that you're sure to enjoy let's
go over our ingredients before we get
started I have 2 pounds of potatoes that
I've already peeled and I've stored in
cool water in the refrigerator so that
way they won't Brown I've got 2 cups of
cream we're going to use you can use
milk if you want to lower the fat intake
we're going to use a whole stick of
butter which is 8 tablespoons and
freshly grated Parmesan cheese not 1/2 a
cup and then you need 2 cloves of garlic
when preparing the potatoes for the
water I like to use this method I just
cut in half turn it on its side and I
try to get the cuts as even as possible
to ensure even cooking let's go ahead
and add this to the rapidly boiling
water and we're going to check in about
15 minutes alright while your spuds are
boiling let's go ahead and melt down our
butter on low and as soon as it's melts
down we're going to throw in the garlic
now the butter is melting we're going to
add our 2 cloves of garlic and press
these in there after a couple minutes
the garlic's kind of cooked off a little
bit so now I'm going to stir in our
cream we're going to bring this cream to
a little scalding I just want to heat it
up before we add it to our mashed
potatoes
well heating the cream I like to stir it
I don't want to walk away from this
because it'll boil over on you now you
can see the little bubbles starting to
bubble on the edge right here that's
about what you want right there I'm just
going to take it off the heat and we're
going to add this to the potatoes after
25 minutes and the rapid boil the
potatoes are cooked and they're soft
enough to be mashed I'm just going to
strain the potatoes into the sink
and we're going to get a mixing bowl and
mix them up next I place the potatoes
back into the pot and we're gonna go
ahead and start mashing these up with a
wire whisk and then we're going to pour
in our cream and just keep pouring a
little bit each time whisking up the
mashed potatoes to get the consistency
we want I'll look at that nice creamy
garlic mashed potatoes now we're going
to stir in the freshly grated Parmesan
cheese and then salt and pepper to taste
for about this mean mashed potatoes a
tablespoon to a tablespoon and a half is
probably good but like I said seasoned
it to your taste there you go folks
creamy garlic mashed potatoes doesn't
get much better than this go try this
recipe you'll be glad you did thanks for
tubing in man that's good